[DOCS-9471] Adding API tests one-click (#26252)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

{{% synthetics-alerting-monitoring %}}

## One-click

> API test creation suggests endpoints from the [API Catalog][17] and existing API tests to choose from to pre-fill your test form with relevant configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API test creation suggests endpoints from the [API Catalog][17] and existing API tests to prefill your test form with relevant options.
```
